These files are associated with measuring community activity.
All this info is publicly available, though some of it is tedious
to collect.  Please don't use the information here to game the system.

1) 

SvnStats.tgz contains tar-gzipped per-commit line information (adds, deletes).
This information is obtained, slowly, by running (and it is slow)
  bin/svnlines START END
in the top level directory, which fills in directory SvnStats.
START END are revision numbers; information will be obtained for
START through END, inclusive.

If you are computing metrics from scratch, first unpack the current list
of line counts -- in the top level directory,
  tar xfz CommunityMetrics/SvnStats.tgz

to update it, in the top-level directory,
  tar cfz CommunityMetrics/SvnStats.tgz SvnStats

2)

ExternalContributors.ods is a spreadsheet using that information to compute the
"external lines committed" metric.  Rows to add are obtained by running

  svn log | awk -f bin/svnmetric.awk > scratch.txt

and pasting all of scratch.txt (opened in BBEdit or some other appropriate
editor) into the spreadsheet, REPLACING the columns under the BRIGHT GREEN
HEADER.

The columns keeping track of external committers (PALE YELLOW)  will then
be too short (scroll to the bottom) must be filled down to keep up with the
new rows.

The calculation of who has committed what (LIGHT BLUE)
must be updated in the uppermost row to count the newly added
rows, and then to recalculate all.  The total commits should
be two fewer than the number of populated rows (e.g., 3279 total,
last row is 3281) to account for the header and blank row at the
top.

External commiters need to be identified by hand,
and added as columns to the appropriate part of the
spread sheet.

There are missing revisions (e.g., 3577); those are on branches other than
"trunk".  Perhaps those should be counted, too, but they are currently not,
so we at least have a consistent count, even if it is not complete.

3) 

Scrape (by hand) member lists from majordomo and trac, save those in some
directory D, with names
  trac, announce, implementation, language
then run (in this directory)

  ./member_metrics D
  
It will created D/all.sorted, which contains the cleaned list of external
members.
